[WIP] Add mask2former (#1)
shivalikasingh95/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/mask2former.mdx

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# mask2former

## Overview

> The mask2former model was proposed in [Masked-attention Mask Transformer for Universal Image Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01527) by Bowen Cheng, Ishan Misra, Alexander G. Schwing, Alexander Kirillov, Rohit Girdhar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mask2Former model was proposed in [Masked-attention Mask Transformer for Universal Image Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.01527) by Bowen Cheng, Ishan Misra, Alexander G. Schwing, Alexander Kirillov, Rohit Girdhar.
```

> Mask2Former is a single architecture for panoptic, instance and semantic segmentation.

Reviewer: Maybe we can expand the description a bit more later on?

```suggestion
Mask2Former is a unified framework for panoptic, instance and semantic segmentation.
```
